Pastebin
Pastebin is a website for storing and
sharing text.
The site doesn’t require an account for
basic usage.
Many people use Pastebin because it is
ubiquitous and simple to use.
But since Pastebin is a public service,
we can use it to search for sensitive
information.
For example, we can use the website for
basic searches,
or use the API for more advanced uses.
Let’s search for megacorpone.com
There are only a small number of results,
but some of them look very familiar.
We might not find any new information here
on MegaCorp One but we shouldn't
overlook searching Pastbin on future
information gathering efforts.